README.md, before:

# How to Use
The majority of people are likely here because they want to easily access the Scratch API!

## Commands
```
/<user>/pfp (returns the profile picture of a user)
/<user>/favorite (returns the most recent project a user favorited)
/<project>/thumbnail (returns the thumbnail of a project)
/<user>/follower-count/ (returns the follower count of a user)
/<user>/project/ (returns the project ID of a user's most recent project)
```

## How to Access

It's quite simple, really.

For python users:
```
import requests
requests.get("api.scratchstatus.org/rgantzos/pfp/").text
```

It works in node.js too, I just don't know much about node.js yet xD

# How it Works
The server that we use to display short pieces of the Scratch API is built on python. You can view the main.py file in this repository, it has all the code there. We would like credit if you do choose to use it, though.

# More
For more documentation, you can always go to the [Official YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-kD7mi3Dpht3lW0bVytkMw/)!

Commit message:

Added 3 new API descriptions
It includes user join date, user ID, and whether or not a user is on the Scratch Team.

README.md, after:

# How to Use
The majority of people are likely here because they want to easily access the Scratch API!

## Commands
```
/<user>/pfp (returns the profile picture of a user)
/<user>/favorite (returns the most recent project a user favorited)
/<project>/thumbnail (returns the thumbnail of a project)
/<user>/follower-count/ (returns the follower count of a user)
/<user>/project/ (returns the project ID of a user's most recent project)
/<user>/scratchteam/ (returns whether or not a user is on the Scratch Team)
/<user>/id/ (returns the ID of a user)
/<user>/join-date/ (returns the join date of a user)
```

## How to Access

It's quite simple, really.

For python users:
```
import requests
requests.get("api.scratchstatus.org/rgantzos/pfp/").text
```

It works in node.js too, I just don't know much about node.js yet xD

# How it Works
The server that we use to display short pieces of the Scratch API is built on python. You can view the main.py file in this repository, it has all the code there. We would like credit if you do choose to use it, though.

# More
For more documentation, you can always go to the [Official YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-kD7mi3Dpht3lW0bVytkMw/)!
